libFB V. 0.2.3

Description
-----------
This library uses the Linux frame buffer as a graphic device to draw lines,
rectangles, pixels.
For now it supports only packed pixels (the majority of ix86 video
cards uses that format) at 16 and 32 bpp. At 32 bpp transparency is also
supported on drivers that provide this functionality.
Perhaps 8 bit support will be added in a future release.
It is possible to use this library to run graphics programs such as
games, CADs, and browsers directly from the console, without having
to even install X-Windows.

At this stage the library provides the basic functionality of a graphics
library, it is able to:
- Draw pixels, lines, squares
- Read input from the keyboard (through ncurses)
- Draw text with custom fonts (uses psf format)

In the source package there is also a program named fbjpeg that
is able to render jpeg images on the console using libjpeg from the IJG
(Indipendent JPEG Group).

Help is always well accepted, if you are interested, please send me an e-mail

Installation
------------
First of all check out the first lines of the Makefile in root directory 
of the sources and change those settings according to your system.
To build everything type 'make' in the source directory.
To install type 'make install', the library will be copied by default in 
/usr/lib and some links will be created. The fbjpeg program will be installed 
by default in /usr/bin. Look at the Makefile to change all these settings.
The tests and the examples will not be copied anywhere since they are only 
usefull for developers interested in debugging and using libFB in their 
programs.

Reporting bugs & contact info
-----------------------------

My (Daniele Venzano) e-mail address is venza@users.sf.net
Nathan Cole's is qmagick@yahoo.com
Feel free to contact us for any info. Bug reports are always welcomed, but 
if you succeed to track it to a single source file or single function, that
will be much appreciated. 

Copyright & licensing
---------------------
For all copyright info read the COPYING file

